Each file is contains information for each Mission_Level.

There are currently four groups of texts per Mission_Level file:
	terrains, existantes, music, collectibles
Each section concludes with the line END + section name

Right now, the keyword compr means we are doing list comprehension.
That shit is buggy and I don’t think I am modifying the local variables, but it is a messy clusterfuck.
But bc we are using dictionary, I think we will be okay. (Thank you python I guess)

We use eval and exec because they re cool.

KEYWORDS:
	height = canvas height
	width  = canvas width


FOR MUSIC:

Collectible: where they are
Music: 	always keyword = always playing, usually the percussion part, probably only level one
	for other music, the second value of the tuple decides when to not play the music
	or we can just close all music at the of each level, and then turn them back on next level?
	so -1 means it will play from the start
	we should have another thing that labels the instruments

What if we have a dictionary, marking the beats?
So if we have a sound we need to play at 500ms, we play that
Then we can add that thing into our channel immediately
One note should also have the ability to have play multiple notes

Or we have all the thing located in a dictionary
If it is always playing, wwe store them as -1 -1
But if it is not playing, we store the x and y, and not play them
We play the note if it is -1, -1
We should also have a thing called duration - how long each notes last
Then for each we have a counter

The music section is only dedicated to the 
Each level is only like a measure (or two if Im really dumb I guess)
The second value of the tuple is the duration, in beats..
So for now, each level will be counted in 16 notes
So that is 16 items per music list thing

I can try the write message thing....
So at each time interval, I read a set of message
Since we have sixteen notes, we should just have. Dictionary of all the time? Ex count 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7...e
Then at each dictionary, we have lists of a bunch of short messages? Or just messags

	